## Description

Multi-factor authentication is a method of authentication that requires the use of more than one factor to verify a user’s identity.

With MFA enabled in the IAM service, when a user signs in to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, they are prompted for their user name and password, which is the first factor (something that they know). The user is then prompted to provide a second verification code from a registered MFA device, which is the second factor (something that they have). The two factors work together, requiring an extra layer of security to verify the user’s identity and complete the sign-in process.

OCI IAM supports two-factor authentication using a password (first factor) and a device that can generate a time-based one-time password (TOTP) (second factor).

See [OCI documentation](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Identity/Tasks/usingmfa.htm) for more details.

Multi factor authentication adds an extra layer of security during the login process and makes it harder for unauthorized users to gain access to OCI resources.

## Remediation

**OCI IAM without Identity Domains**

Each user must enable MFA for themselves using a device they will have access to every time they sign in. An administrator cannot enable MFA for another user but can enforce MFA by identifying the list of non-complaint users, notifying them or disabling access by resetting the password for non-complaint accounts.

**Disabling access from Console:**

1. Go to https://cloud.oracle.com/identity/.
2. Select `Users` from Identity menu.
3. Click on each non-complaint user.
4. Click on `Create/Reset Password.`

### From CLI:

```bash
oci iam user ui-password create-or-reset --user-id <OCID of the non-compliant user>
```

**OCI IAM with Identity Domains**

Each user must enable MFA for themselves using a device they will have access to every time they sign in. An administrator cannot enable MFA for another user but can enforce MFA by identifying the list of non-complaint users, notifying them or disabling access by resetting the password for non-complaint accounts.

**Disabling access from Console:**

1. Go to https://cloud.oracle.com/identity/.
2. Select `Domains` from Identity menu.
3. Select the domain.
4. Click `Security`.
5. Click `Sign-on polices` then the "Default Sign-on Policy".
6. Under the sign-on rules header, click the three dots on the rule with the highest priority.
7. Select `Edit sign-on rule`.
8. Make a change to ensure that `allow access` is selected and `prompt for an additional factor` is enabled.