## Description

There is a built-in OCI IAM policy enabling the Administrators group to perform any action within a tenancy. In the OCI IAM console, this policy reads:

```bash
Allow group Administrators to manage all-resources in tenancy
```

Administrators create more users, groups, and policies to provide appropriate access to other groups.

Administrators should not allow any-other-group full access to the tenancy by writing a policy like this -

```bash
Allow group any-other-group to manage all-resources in tenancy
```

The access should be narrowed down to ensure the least-privileged principle is applied.

Permission to manage all resources in a tenancy should be limited to a small number of users in the Administrators group for break-glass situations and to set up users/groups/policies when a tenancy is created.

No group other than Administrators in a tenancy should need access to all resources in a tenancy, as this violates the enforcement of the least privilege principle.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. Login to [OCI console](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/).
2. Go to `Identity -> Policies`, In the compartment dropdown, choose the root compartment. Open each policy to view the policy statements.
3. Remove any policy statement that allows any group other than `Administrators` or any service access to manage all resources in the tenancy.

### From CLI:

The policies can also be updated via OCI CLI, SDK and API, with an example of the CLI commands below:
  - Delete a policy via the CLI:

    ```bash
    oci iam policy delete --policy-id <policy-ocid>
    ```

  - Update a policy via the CLI:

    ```bash
    oci iam policy update --policy-id <policy-ocid> --statements <json-array-of-statements>
    ```

**Note** You should generally not delete the policy that allows the Administrators group the ability to manage all resources in the tenancy.
