## Description

Users can create and manage their database password in their IAM user profile and use that password to authenticate to databases in their tenancy. An IAM database password is a different password than an OCI Console password. Setting an IAM database password allows an authorized IAM user to sign in to one or more Autonomous Databases in their tenancy.

Users can create and manage their database password in their IAM user profile and use that password to authenticate to databases in their tenancy. An IAM database password is a different password than an OCI Console password. Setting an IAM database password allows an authorized IAM user to sign in to one or more Autonomous Databases in their tenancy.

It is important to secure and rotate an IAM Database password 90 days or less as it provides the same access the user would have a using a local database user.

## Remediation

**OCI IAM without Identity Domains**

### From Console

1. Login to [OCI Console](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/).
2. Select `Identity & Security` from the Services menu.
3. Select `Users` from the Identity menu.
4. Click on an individual user under the Name heading.
5. Click on `Database Passwords` in the lower left-hand corner of the page.
6. Ensure the date of the Database Passwords under the `Created` column of the Database Passwords is no more than 90 days old.

### From CLI

1. Execute the following:

```bash
oci iam user list-db-credentials --user-id <user-ocid> --output table --query "data [*].{description:description, Created:\"time-created\",id:id}"
```

2. You will then be prompted with the below:

```bash
Are you sure you want to delete this resource? [y/N]
```

3. Type 'y' and press 'Enter'

**OCI IAM with Identity Domains**

### From Console

1. Login to [OCI Console](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/).
2. Select `Identity & Security` from the Services menu.
3. Select Domains from the Identity menu.
4. For each domain listed, click on the name and select `Users`.
5. Click on an individual user under the `Username` heading.
6. Click on `IAM Database Passwords` in the lower left-hand corner of the page.
7. Delete any Database Passwords with a date older than 90 days under the `Created` column of the Database Passwords.