## Description

Object Storage provides an API to enable interoperability with Amazon S3. To use this Amazon S3 Compatibility API, you need to generate the signing key required to authenticate with Amazon S3.

This special signing key is an Access Key/Secret Key pair. Oracle generates the Customer Secret key to pair with the Access Key.

It is important to rotate customer secret keys at least every 90 days, as they provide the same level of object storage access that the user they are associated with has.

## Remediation

**OCI IAM without Identity Domains**

### From Console

1. Login to [OCI Console](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/).
2. Select `Identity` from the Services menu.
3. Select `Users` from the Identity menu.
4. Click on an individual user under the Name heading.
5. Click on `Customer Secret Keys` in the lower left-hand corner of the page.
6. Delete any Access Keys with a date of 90 days or older under the `Created` column of the Customer Secret Keys.

### From CLI:

1. Execute the following:

```bash
oci iam customer-secret-key delete --user-id <user_OCID> --customer-secretkey-id <id from above>
```

2. You will then be prompted with the below:

```bash
Are you sure you want to delete this resource? [y/N]
```

3. Type 'y' and press 'Enter'.

**OCI IAM with Identity Domains**

### From Console:

1. Login to [OCI Console](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/).
2. Select `Identity & Security` from the Services menu.
3. Select Domains from the Identity menu.
4. For each domain listed, click on the name and select `Users`.
5. Click on an individual user under the `Username` heading.
6. Click on `Customer Secret Keys` in the lower left-hand corner of the page.
7. Delete any Access Keys with a date older than 90 days under the `Created` column of the Customer Secret Keys.