## Description

Auth tokens are authentication tokens generated by Oracle. You use auth tokens to authenticate with APIs that do not support the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure signature-based authentication. If the service requires an auth token, the service-specific documentation instructs you to generate one and how to use it.

It is important to secure and rotate an auth token every 90 days or less as it provides the same level of access to APIs that do not support the OCI signature-based authentication as the user associated to it.

## Remediation

**OCI IAM without Identity Domains**

### From Console

1. Login to [OCI Console](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/).
2. Select `Identity` from the Services menu.
3. Select `Users` from the Identity menu.
4. Click on an individual user under the Name heading.
5. Click on `Auth Tokens` in the lower left-hand corner of the page.
6. Delete any auth token with a date of 90 days or older under the `Created` column of the Auth Tokens.

### From CLI

1. Execute the following:

```bash
oci iam auth-token delete --user-id <user_OCID> --auth-token-id <id from above>
```

2. You will then be prompted with the below:

```bash
Are you sure you want to delete this resource? [y/N]
```

3. Type 'y' and press 'Enter'.

**OOCI IAM with Identity Domains**

### From Console

1. Login to [OCI Console](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/).
2. Select `Identity & Security` from the Services menu.
3. Select Domains from the Identity menu.
4. For each domain listed, click on the name and select `Users.`
5. Click on an individual user under the `Username` heading.
6. Click on `Auth Tokens` in the lower left-hand corner of the page.
7. Delete any auth token with a date older than 90 days under the `Created` column of the Customer Secret Keys.