## Description

It is recommended to setup an Event Rule and Notification that gets triggered when IAM Users are created, updated, deleted, capabilities updated, or state updated. Event Rules are compartment scoped and will detect events in child compartments, it is recommended to create the Event rule at the root compartment level.

Users use or manage Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resources. Monitoring and alerting on changes to Users will help in identifying changes to the security posture.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. Using the search box to navigate to `events`.
2. Navigate to the `rules` page.
3. Select the `compartment` that should host the rule.
4. Click `Create Rule`.
5. Provide a `Display Name` and `Description`.
6. Create a `Rule Condition` by selecting `Identity` in the `Service Name` Drop-down and selecting: `User – Create`, `User – Delete`, `User – Update`, `User Capabilities – Update`, `User State – Update`.
7. In the `Actions` section select `Notifications` as Action Type.
8. Select the `Compartment` that hosts the Topic to be used.
9. Select the `Topic` to be used.
10. Optionally add Tags to the Rule.
11. Click `Create Rule`.

### From CLI

1. Find the `topic-id` of the Event Rule which should be used for sending Notifications by using the topic `name` and `Compartment OCID`.

```bash
oci ons topic list --compartment-id=<compartment OCID> --all --query "data [?name=='<topic_name>']".{"name:name,topic_id:\"topic-id\""} --output table
```

2. Create a JSON file to be used when creating the Event Rule. Replace topic id, display name, description and compartment OCID.

```bash
{
  "actions":
  {
    "actions": [
    {
      "actionType": "ONS",
      "isEnabled": true,
      "topicId": "<topic id>"
    }]
  },
  "condition":
  {
    "eventType":
      ["com.oraclecloud.identityControlPlane.CreateUser",
      "com.oraclecloud.identityControlPlane.DeleteUser",
      "com.oraclecloud.identityControlPlane.UpdateUser"],
      "com.oraclecloud.identityControlPlane.UpdateUserCapabilities",
      "com.oraclecloud.identityControlPlane.UpdateUserState"],
    "data":{}
  },
  "displayName": "<display name>",
  "description": "<description>",
  "isEnabled": true,
  "compartmentId": "compartment OCID"
}
```

3. Create the actual event rule.

```bash
oci events rule create --from-json file://event_rule.json
```

4. Note in the JSON returned that it lists the parameters specified in the JSON file provided and that there is an OCID provided for the Event Rule.