## Description

IAM password policies can require passwords to be rotated or expired after a given number of days. It is recommended that the password policy expire passwords after 365 and are changed immediately based on events.

Excessive password expiration requirements do more harm than good, because these requirements make users select predictable passwords, composed of sequential words and numbers that are closely related to each other.10 In these cases, the next password can be predicted based on the previous one (incrementing a number used in the password for example). Also, password expiration requirements offer no containment benefits because attackers will often use credentials as soon as they compromise them. Instead, immediate password changes should be based on key events including, but not limited to:
  - Indication of compromise
  - Change of user roles
  - When a user leaves the organization

Not only does changing passwords every few weeks or months frustrate the user, it’s been suggested that it does more harm than good, because it could lead to bad practices by the user such as adding a character to the end of their existing password.

In addition, we also recommend a yearly password change. This is primarily because for all their good intentions users will share credentials across accounts. Therefore, even if a breach is publicly identified, the user may not see this notification, or forgetcthey have an account on that site. This could leave a shared credential vulnerable indefinitely. Having an organizational policy of a 1-year (annual) password expiration is a reasonable compromise to mitigate this with minimal user burden.

## Remediation

**OCI IAM without Identity Domains - Identity Cloud Service (IDCS)**

1. Login to [IDCS Admin Console](https://www.oracle.com/security/cloud-security/identity-cloud/).
2. Expand the Navigation Drawer, click `Settings`, and then click `Password Policy`.
3. Click on `Change Your Password Policy` button.
4. Update the number of days configured in `Expires after` setting to 365.

**OCI IAM with Identity Domains**

1. Go to Identity Domains: https://cloud.oracle.com/identity/domains/.
2. Select the `Compartment` the Domain to remediate is in.
3. Click on the Domain to remediate.
4. Click on `Settings`.
5. Click on `Password policy` to remediate.
6. Click `Edit password rules`.
7. Change `Expires after (days)` to 365.