## Description

Cloud Guard detects misconfigured resources and insecure activity within a tenancy and provides security administrators with the visibility to resolve these issues. Upon detection, Cloud Guard generates a Problem. It is recommended to setup an Event Rule and Notification that gets triggered when Oracle Cloud Guard Problems are created, dismissed or remediated. Event Rules are compartment scoped and will detect events in child compartments. It is recommended to create the Event rule at the root compartment level.

Cloud Guard provides an automated means to monitor a tenancy for resources that are configured in an insecure manner as well as risky network activity from these resources. Monitoring and alerting on Problems detected by Cloud Guard will help in identifying changes to the security posture.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. Go to the Events Service page: https://cloud.oracle.com/events/rules.
2. Select the compartment that should host the rule.
3. Click `Create Rule`.
4. Provide a Display Name and Description.
5. Create a Rule Condition by selecting Cloud Guard in the Service Name Drop-down and selecting: `Detected – Problem, Remediated – Problem, and Dismissed - Problem`.
6. In the Actions section select Notifications as Action Type.
7. Select the Compartment that hosts the Topic to be used.
8. Select the Topic to be used.
9. Optionally add Tags to the Rule.
10. Click Create Rule.

### From CLI

1. Find the topic-id of the topic the Event Rule should use for sending Notifications by using the topic name and Compartment OCID

```bash
Find the topic-id of the topic the Event Rule should use for sending Notifications
by using the topic name and Compartment OCID
```

2. Create a JSON file to be used when creating the Event Rule. Replace topic id, display name, description and compartment OCID.

```bash
{
  "actions":
    {
    "actions": [
      {
        "actionType": "ONS",
        "isEnabled": true,
        "topicId": "<topic id>"
      }
    ]
  },
  "condition": "{\"eventType\":[\" com.oraclecloud.cloudguard.problemdetected\",\"com.oraclecloudcloudguardproblemdismissed\",\"com.oraclecloud.cloudguard.problemremediated\"],\"data\":{}}",
  "displayName": "<display name>",
  "description": "<description>",
  "isEnabled": true,
  "compartmentId": "compartment OCID"
}
```

3. Create the actual event rule.

```bash
oci events rule create --from-json file://event_rule.json
```

4. Note in the JSON returned that it lists the parameters specified in the JSON file
provided and that there is an OCID provided for the Event Rule.