## Description

It is recommended to setup an Event Rule and Notification that gets triggered when Identity Providers are created, updated or deleted. Event Rules are compartment scoped and will detect events in child compartments. It is recommended to create the Event rule at the root compartment level.

OCI Identity Providers allow management of User ID / passwords in external systems and use of those credentials to access OCI resources. Identity Providers allow users to single sign-on to OCI console and have other OCI credentials like API Keys. Monitoring and alerting on changes to Identity Providers will help in identifying changes to the security posture.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. Go to the [Events Service page](https://console.us-ashburn1.oraclecloud.com/events/rules).
2. Select the `compartment` that should host the rule.
3. Click `Create Rule`.
4. Provide a `Display Name` and `Description`.
5. Create a `Rule Condition` by selecting `Identity` in the Service Name Drop-down and selecting `Identity Provider – Create`, `Identity Provider - Delete` and `Identity Provider – Update`.
6. In the `Actions` section select `Notifications` as Action Type.
7. Select the `Compartment` that hosts the `Topic` to be used.
8. Select the `Topic` to be used.
9. Optionally add Tags to the Rule.
10. Click `Create Rule`.

### From CLI

1. Find the `topic-id` of the Event Rule which should be used for sending Notifications by using the topic `name` and `Compartment OCID`

```bash
oci ons topic list --compartment-id=<compartment OCID> --all --query "data [?name=='<topic_name>']".{"name:name,topic_id:\"topic-id\""} --output table
```

2. Create a JSON file to be used when creating the Event Rule. Replace topic id, display name, description and compartment OCID.

```bash
{
  "actions":
  {
    "actions": [
    {
      "actionType": "ONS",
      "isEnabled": true,
      "topicId": "<topic id>"
    }]
  },
  "condition":
  {
    "eventType":
      ["com.oraclecloud.identitycontrolplane.createidentityprovider",
      "com.oraclecloud.identitycontrolplane.deleteidentityprovider",
      "com.oraclecloud.identitycontrolplane.updateidentityprovider"],
    "data":{}
  },
  "displayName": "<display name>",
  "description": "<description>",
  "isEnabled": true,
  "compartmentId": "compartment OCID"
}
```

3. Create the actual event rule

```bash
oci events rule create --from-json file://event_rule.json
```

4. Note in the JSON returned that it lists the parameters specified in the JSON file provided and that there is an OCID provided for the Event Rule.