## Description

Oracle Autonomous Database Shared (ADB-S) automates database tuning, security, backups, updates, and other routine management tasks traditionally performed by DBAs. ADB-S provide ingress filtering of network traffic or can be deployed within an existing Virtual Cloud Network (VCN). It is recommended that all new ADB-S databases be deployed within a VCN and that the Access Control Rules are restricted to your corporate IP Addresses or VCNs for existing ADB-S databases.

## Remediation


1. Login to [OCI Console](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/).
2. Click in the search bar, top of the screen.
3. Type `Advanced Resource Query` and click enter.
4. Click the `Advanced Resource Query` button in the upper right of the screen.
5. Enter the following query in the query box:

```bash
query autonomousdatabase resources
```

6. For each ABD-S database returned click on the link under `Display name`
7. Click `Edit` next to `Access Control List`
8. Ensure `Access Control Rules’ IP Address/CIDR Block as well as VCNs are correct
9. Repeat for other subscribed regions
10. For each ADB-S database in the returned results, click the ADB-S database name
11. Click `Edit` next to `Access Control Rules`
12. Click `+Another Rule` and add rules as required
13. Click `Save Changes`

### From Command Line

1. Executethefollowingcommand:

```bash
for region in `oci iam region list | jq -r '.data[] | .name'`; 
  do
  for compid in `oci iam compartment list --compartment-id-in-subtree TRUE 2>/dev/null | jq -r '.data[] | .id'`
    do
    for adbid in `oci db autonomous-database list --compartment-id
    $compid --region $region --all 2>/dev/null | jq -r '.data[] | select(."nsg- ids" == null).id'`
      do
      output=`oci db autonomous-database get --autonomous-database-id $adbid --region $region --query=data.{"WhiteListIPs:\"whitelisted- ips\","id:id""} --output table 2>/dev/null`
      if [ ! -z "$output" ]; then echo $output; fi
      done 
    done
  done
```

2. Ensure WhiteListIPs are correct.
3. Get the json input format by executing the following command:

```bash
oci db autonomous-database update --generate-full-command-json-input
```

4. For each of the ADB-S Database identified get its details.
5. Update the `whitelistIps`, copy the `WhiteListIPs` element from the JSON
returned by the above get call, edit it appropriately and use it in the following command:

```bash
oci db autonomous-database update –-autonomous-database-id <ABD-S OCID> -- from-json '<network endpoints JSON>'
```