## Description

It is recommended that an Event Rule and Notification be set up when a user in the via OCI local authentication. Event Rules are compartment-scoped and will detect events in child compartments. This Event rule is required to be created at the root compartment level.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. Go to the Events Service page: https://cloud.oracle.com/events/rules.
2. Select the `Root compartment` that should host the rule.
3. Click `Create Rule`.
4. Provide a `Display Name` and `Description`.
5. Create a Rule Condition by selecting `Identity SignOn `in the Service Name Drop-down and selecting `Interactive Login.`
6. In the `Actions` section select `Notifications` as Action Type.
7. Select the `Compartment` that hosts the Topic to be used.
8. Select the `Topic` to be used.
9. Optionally add Tags to the Rule.
10. Click `Create Rule.`

### From CLI

1. Find the `topic-id` of the topic the Event Rule should use for sending notifications by using the topic `name` and `Tenancy OCID`.

```bash
oci ons topic list --compartment-id <tenacy-ocid> --all --query "data [?name=='<topic-name>']".{"name:name,topic_id:\"topic-id\""} --output table
```

2. Create a JSON file to be used when creating the Event Rule. Replace topic id, display name, description and compartment OCID.


```bash
{
 "actions":
    {
    "actions": [
      {
      "actionType": "ONS",
      "isEnabled": true,
      "topicId": "<topic-id>"
      }]
    },
  "condition":
  "{\"eventType\":[\"com.oraclecloud.identitysignon.interactivelogin\",data\":{}}",
  "displayName": "<display-name>",
  "description": "<description>",
  "isEnabled": true,
  "compartmentId": "<tenancy-ocid>"
}
```

3. Create the actual event rule

```bash
oci events rule create --from-json file://event_rule.json
```

The compartment-id is the Compartment OCID of where the bucket is exists. The resource value is the bucket name.

4. Note in the JSON returned that it lists the parameters specified in the JSON file provided and that there is an OCID provided for the Event Rule.