## Description

Tenancy administrator users have full access to the organization's OCI tenancy. API keys associated with user accounts are used for invoking the OCI APIs via custom programs or clients like CLI/SDKs. The clients are typically used for performing day-to-day operations and should never require full tenancy access. Service-level administrative users with API keys should be used instead.

For performing day-to-day operations tenancy administrator access is not needed. Service-level administrative users with API keys should be used to apply privileged security principle.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. Login to [OCI Console](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/).
2. Select `Identity` from Services menu.
3. Select `Users` from Identity menu, or select `Domains`, select a domain, and select `Users`.
4. Select the username of a tenancy administrator user with an API key.
5. Select `API Keys` from the menu in the lower left-hand corner.
6. Delete any associated keys from the `API Keys` table.
7. Repeat steps 3-6 for all tenancy administrator users with an API key.

### From CLI

1. For each tenancy administrator user with an API key, execute the following command to retrieve API key details:

```bash
oci iam user api-key list --user-id <user_id>
```

2. For each API key, execute the following command to delete the key:

```bash
oci iam user api-key delete --user-id <user_id> --fingerprint <api_key_fingerprint>
```

3. The following message will be displayed:

```bash
Are you sure you want to delete this resource? [y/N]:
```

4. Type 'y' and press 'Enter'.