## Description

VCN flow logs record details about traffic that has been accepted or rejected based on the security list rule.

Enabling VCN flow logs enables you to monitor traffic flowing within your virtual network and can be used to detect anomalous traffic.

## Remediation

### From Console

First, if a Capture filter has not already been created, create a Capture Filter by the following steps:

1. Go to the Network Command Center page (https://cloud.oracle.com/networking/network-command-center).
2. Click 'Capture filters'.
3. Click 'Create Capture filter'.
4. Type a name for the Capture filter in the Name box.
5. Select 'Flow log capture filter'.
6. For `Sample rating` select `100%`.
7. Scroll to `Rules`.
8. For `Traffic disposition` select `All`.
9. For `Include/Exclude` select `Include`.
10. Level `Source IPv4 CIDR or IPv6 prefix and Destination IPv4 CIDR or IPv6 prefix` empty.
11. For `IP protocol` select `Include`.
12. Click `Create Capture filter.`

Second, enable VCN flow logging for your VCN or subnet(s) by the following steps:

1. Go to the [Logs page](https://console.us-ashburn-1.oraclecloud.com/logging/logs).
2. Click the `Enable Service Log` button in the middle of the screen.
3. Select the relevant resource compartment.
4. Select `Virtual Cloud Networks - Flow logs` from the Service drop down menu.
5. Select the relevant resource level from the resource drop down menu either `VCN` or `subnet`.
6. Select the relevant resource from the resource drop down menu.
7. Select the from the Log Category drop down menu that either `Flow Logs - subnet records or Flow Logs - vcn records`.
8. Select the Capture filter from above
9. Type a name for your flow logs in the Log Name text box.
10. Select the Compartment for the Log Location
11. Select the Log Group for the Log Location or Click `Create New Group` to create a new log group
12. Click the Enable Log button in the lower left-hand corner.
